feat(eslint-plugin): [consistent-type-assertions] add arrayLiteralTypeAssertions options (#10565)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/consistent-type-assertions.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### `arrayLiteralTypeAssertions`

{/* insert option description */}

> Always prefer `const x: T[] = [ ... ];` to `const x = [ ... ] as T[];` (or similar with angle brackets). The rationale for this is exactly the same as for `objectLiteralTypeAssertions`.

Reviewer: [Docs] Not everyone will read all options. Also, it's not quite exactly the same, it's just similar.

```suggestion
Always prefer `const x: T[] = [ ... ];` to `const x = [ ... ] as T[];` (or similar with angle brackets). 
The compiler will warn for excess properties of elements with this syntax, but not missing _required_ fields of those objects.
For example: `const x: { foo: number }[] = [{}]; will fail to compile, but const x = [{}] as [{ foo: number }] will succeed.
```
